Readme updates (#174)
phasehq/console: README.md

<div align="center">
  <!-- Phase Console -->
  <a href="https://phase.dev">
  <img height="120" width="450" src="img/phase-lattice-logo.svg" alt="Phase">
  </a>

  <a href="https://phase.dev">Website</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.phase.dev">Documentation</a> |
  <a href="https://docs.phase.dev/security">Security</a> |
    <a href="https://github.com/phasehq/console/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contributing</a> |
  <a href="https://slack.phase.dev">Join Slack</a>
</div>

---

> [Phase](https://phase.dev) is an all one platform for developers to securely create, manage and deploy application secrets across local development 💻, CI tools 🔨, cloud ☁️ providers etc. and keep them in sync with your team 🧑‍💻.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Phase](https://phase.dev) is an all-in-one platform for developers to securely create, manage and deploy application secrets across local development 💻, CI tools 🔨, and cloud ☁️ infrastructure.
```

> An open source and developer-friendly alternative to **HashiCorp Vault** and **AWS Secrets Manager**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An open source and developer-friendly alternative to **HashiCorp Vault** and **AWS Secrets Manager** that works with your whole team 🧑‍💻.
```

| 🙋  | **[RBAC](https://docs.phase.dev/console/users#user-roles)**: Fine-grained, role-based and cryptographic access control, per application, per environment.                                                      |
| 🔌  | **[Integrations](https://docs.phase.dev/#integrate-phase)**: Automatically sync secrets to GitHub, Cloudflare Pages, AWS Secrets Manager etc.                                                        |
| ![Kubernets](img/kubernetes.svg)  | **[Kubernetes](https://docs.phase.dev/integrations/platforms/kubernetes)**: Automatically deploy secrets to your Kubernetes Cluster with End-to-End encryption via Phase Secrets Operator   |
| ⛓️  | **[Secret referencing & overrides](https://docs.phase.dev/console/secrets)**: Create personal secrets. Inherit values from other secrets                                                              |
| 🥡  | **[Self Hosting](https://docs.phase.dev)**: Run Phase on your own infrastructure                                                                            |

> | 🔑  | **[Service Tokens](https://docs.phase.dev/console/tokens#service-tokens)**: Authenticate CI runners, build tools and production environment with granualar-scope                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 🔑  | **[Service Tokens](https://docs.phase.dev/console/tokens#service-tokens)**: Authenticate CI runners, build tools and production environment with granular scope                                                    |
```

> | 🔍  | **[Audit Logs]()**: Compelte visibility into every change and access event                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 🔍  | **[Audit Logs]()**: Complete visibility into every change and access event                                                                                  |
```

> The quickest and most reliable way to get started is making a new free account on the [Phase Console](https://console.phase.dev/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quickest and most reliable way to get started is by signing up on the [Phase Console](https://console.phase.dev/).
```
